# January 2019 Organisational Catch Up

Date: 08/01/2019 5:00 PM
Present: Rob Amos, Chris Coombs, Arjen Schwarz
Quorum: No

# Agenda

- [x] Website
- [x] Meetup format
- [x] News Segment (podcast style?)
- [x] Introductions
- [x] Name tags
- [x] Welcomer
- [x] #volunteers
- [x] Code of Conduct
- [x] Check-in App
- [x] News Video
- [x] Sponsors
- [x] Financials
- [x] Extended curriculum
- [x] Partnering with external agencies (i.e. universities)

# Notes

- Arjen to do blog post at the end of every meetup
- DeepRacer stuff

# Actions

- [x] bok to migrate back to gmail
- [ ] Rob to check registrar
- [x] Chris to follow up on gold + silver
- [x] Bok to reply to that email from Ilia?
- [ ] Rob to add photos to dropbox
- [ ] Rob to do treasury things
- [ ] Bok to follow up bank crap
- [ ] Diversity policy? Rob
- [x] Bok to add disclaimer
- [ ] Rob to talk to YBF about disability
- [x] Bok to do sponsorship agreement letterhead #1
- [ ] Chris to chase Sally about deepracer
- [ ] bok to look at what other groups are doing re: food
- [x] bok to order wine + plastic wine glasses
- [ ] Rob to send details on video thingy
